guys watch this somebody on the team
walk up to who he just say the word
elephant and then he'll not be able to
play at all
well it's a tuol weekend 400 thieves I'm
here at the NA LCS to do for the first
weekend of the year with coverage
presented by Omni slash I'm joined right
now by aphromoo who had sick revenge
against his former teammates the
narrative is just unstoppable how did it
feel to just punish them for every
transgression they've ever made against
you aphromoo how's little nervous going
into the match sucked explaining it's my
old team seen him across on the stage
but uh I was actually shaking a little
bit before I went into the game but
after playing them my teammates
definitely stepped up a lot and I felt
like they had my back on Earthies me do
some naver you Cody all those guys and
after the game even though we won I felt
really sad because I know those guys a
lot and I know how we all get when we
lose so we did what we had to do you
know got business done but at the end of
the day for me it's like I want them to
do well so more sad now I mean they're
headed off for this weekend in a02 what
do you think what do you think their
issues aren't can they kind of bounce
back from this I've got to change their
they have to change their entire style
in terms of jumbo support sooner game
usually jungling support determine you
what your style is gonna be in
connecting all the lanes on the map how
you're gonna approach objectives vision
control everything like that so getting
to new roles for both or sorry to new
players for both of those roles takes a
little bit they'll probably kick up
around middle of the season most likely
and other than that that you have really
strongly news darshan who he sticks a
really good players and once they mesh
they should do well what's life been
like for you 100 thieves because last
time I interviewed you was had all-stars
you kind of you didn't even have an ad
carry at the time you told me that you
selected one that hadn't been announced
yet so now you know about a month or so
later how's everything gone
I'm under so later doing really well our
management and staff are all super
awesome very accommodating and make sure
every player has what he needs
I don't know if you guys seen our house
tour but it's amazing rocket
mortgage team house hunt anyway other
than that we did two weeks boot camp
just had our heads down grinding and our
team style definitely came through for
our practice and I really enjoyed
playing with all these guys we really uh
easily able to confront each other and
get through our problems and probably
prolly not probably probably definitely
a big part of that yeah probably a new
coaching style that I'm not used to you
where he's uh he he's been a player in
LCS so it's he is a lot he has a really
good understanding of the game and
definitely very calm approach towards
talking to his players and shows that he
tries to outwork or not try as he chose
he wants to outwork everybody in terms
of understanding the game how he should
drive what we should work on Exeter yeah
you're in an interesting position
because I think Tony Hicks has been
praised by other coaches for a very long
time in highly respected now you're
interacting with prolly who also has had
a lot of success and has taken teams to
world championships on multiple
occasions so you know what what is that
like having worked with both these guys
and you mentioned he has a bit of a
different style so I mean how would you
kind of compare the two of them uh
Tony's name is steel G almost as long as
I have so we definitely came from the
same background of old CLG he was on
there when Dexter link and double is one
team but for Tony's coaching style he
definitely also does a lot of hard work
and stains up super late nights
preparing draft preparing what we need
to work on and I just think that Bulls
cool both coaches have different styles
but I don't really want to give too much
away about how they coach and stuff like
that but I really respect both of them
and I'm enjoy playing for probably now
on hundred days we have you are an
example of something we have a lot of
which is you have a you
you were on CLG now you face off against
them today you know we have double if
she was on TSN previously there's a lot
of folks who have like a relationship
with a team that they now have to face
off of in those situations and maybe
using your situation as an example you
know these guys you know their playstyle
you know how they like to compete you
know their mental situation very very
well how much of that plays into how you
approach the match against them and how
you kind of plan to play against them
it's kind of funny almost all the
players on our team are from different
teams so when we play against that team
they always bring up you know this is
how we did it on c9 this is what this
guy likes to do I mean he won't do this
he won't do that
that stuff always comes up and then it's
not too much of the focus but it's
something to keep in mind and you know
if it's super apparent that you know
they do do that then we'll drop the
strategy around it but coming up against
CLG today I know all their tendencies
since essentially I was one calling most
of the time and in them getting a new
jungle and support their style had to
entirely change and I think I've seen a
little bit more time to work on it
that's why I think does anybody on the
team now we need crazy secrets or he
needs a super-secret tilt buttons you
know like you just walked it's like guys
watch this somebody on the team walk up
to who he just saved the word elephant
and then he'll not be able to play at
all I'm like he'll just his laning phase
will fall apart is there any secret tilt
buttons you know for these guys yeah I'm
we knew all of them for players that we
played with but don't want to give those
out because I'm gonna use that I have a
spreadsheet of just ways to tilt these
guys mentally before the game yeah excel
spreadsheet is like hundred pages a lot
of different buttons for all these guys
okay good Wow looking forward to see how
you employ those in the future other
than that you know what I kind of it's
an interesting situation because
everybody will want to take away a lot
of things from this first weekend right
people will suddenly say hundred thieves
top three and they'll say TSM is a
team now they're bottom five you
know for you how much do you think this
weekend
should be held as an accounting of what
these teams are in terms of their
strength and how good they are and what
we can expect from everybody for the
rest of the split antennas sorry yeah
for Springs Flint I think all the new
teams coming in a lot of new rosters
every single team so spring split has
always been in the tea split about
learning growing seeing what works week
and what doesn't there's no more
relegation so you can have the
opportunity and more time to work on
that but coming into the first week the
the teams that did go to oh and the
teams that did go to just shows how much
the team is prepared in terms of let's
not listening seeing what works in the
meta for pre-season and stuff like that
and then how the teams deal with their
Oh to or to oh and not taking it to
[Music]
their head so we went to oh and it's all
about how you go through the process
throughout the season if you're gonna
let it get to you not let it get to you
keep improving the way you did and prove
a little bit more be a little bit more
motivated so the teams that do go oh -
in the first week they come back even
stronger some teams that do go to OH in
the first week other teams that you know
had it all figured out more than the
other teams but the other teams need a
little bit more time and then it'll
usually flip-flop like that and I think
by like week four we'll figure out who
is the better team but first second and
third week is really hard to determine
that do you have you had to sell it at
nadeshot because I'm sure he's over the
moon right now like he walked by earlier
and was like yeah Travis do you think
about this well you know like he was
very height you have to calm him down at
all or does his you know energy sort
translate over to you guys how does that
work uh for nadeshot he's a super
excited and hype guy all the time and I
really like that when I had first talked
to him coming on to his organization
most most of the players were all super
like mellow I mean getting the - it was
cool but we're just here to do business
and stuff like that and we've been here
for a while so he's more excited than we
are but I'm glad that we were able to
get him to wins for his first week in
LCS for 100 days and
hopefully we can keep it excited because
after the first match we get Easy's and
then the other bet is that if we win
worlds this year he's buying everybody a
Tesla so we got to make sure to go 18:06
oh playoffs no offense to nadeshot but I
feel like if you guys win worlds that
the Tesla is it maybe the big hype thing
at the end of that it's not like and
don't we get a Tesla because we want
worlds yeah I've been telling them you
didn't have to buy me and test them when
we win worlds so I was thinking of what
else to go for oh maybe a house you know
something like that I don't know I don't
know if you've looked at the Southern
California market but I don't know if
the Tesla and the house are on the same
level I mean cars cool but you know a
house you keep forever
you know these cars they just depreciate
I need a depreciating asset for my world
championship with a very very
financially reminded of you is there
anything that you would say to me the f
remover 100 these fans out there thank
you for supporting us and hopefully not
hopefully we're excited to show you guys
what we can do thank you so much for the
interview for everyone else you can
check out the rest of our coverage of
all things eSports LCS or more right
here on my youtube channel I wanna say
thank you so much for the support and
watching my content if you want to you
can subscribe and you'll see more omni /
sponsor - brought to you by content
right here on my channel